Manas Talukdar is a senior industry leader in **Enterprise AI** and **Data Infrastructure**. He has significant experience designing and developing products in artificial intelligence and large-scale data infrastructure, used in mission critical sectors across the world. He is a Senior Member of IEEE, Fellow of the British Computer Society (BCS), AI Senior Fellow.

His experience spans nearly two decades in leadership and critical roles for leading enterprise software companies and startups in the San Francisco Bay Area. He has made key contributions to the preeminent industrial data historian in the world, specially ubiquitous throughout the process industry. As Director of Platform Engineering at C3 AI, the leading Enterprise AI company, he founded and led an organization of multiple teams developing cutting edge capabilities at the intersection of artificial intelligence and large-scale systems. He is currently Director of Engineering at Labelbox, a startup building a data-centric AI platform, where he runs platform, product, machine learning engineering and applied research organizations across US and EU.

Manas mentors startups and industry professionals in the AI and Data space, among other [professional engagements](/about/professional/engagements/) and [volunteering activities](/about/volunteering/). He has filed multiple [patents](/about/professional/patents/) in data processing and machine learning for AI. The enterprise products he has developed are part of critical infrastructure for several industry verticals throughout the world.

Manas is a sought-after speaker and thought leader, frequently speaking at technical and leadership conferences. He has delivered graduation speeches at university commencement ceremonies, and his insights are highly valued within the industry, leading to his appointment as a judge for prestigious national and international awards. Manas also reviews technical publications in AI and Data. His contributions have earned him recognition through numerous honors and awards, and invitations to join prestigious AI organizations.
