- **Distributed Systems and Cloud Computing**: I am interested in the design, architecture and organizational challenges of distributed systems. I enjoy working on problems involving scale, data consistency, availability, resiliency, reliability, microservices, and how to build and run teams that solve these problems. I have extensive experience with public cloud platforms, specifically Microsoft Azure. I am very familiar with Amazon Web Services and I have a good grasp of distributed systems technologies in the open source domain.

- **Data Infrastructure**: I have a general interest in concepts around data storage, database technologies and data processing, specifically in the context of large-scale distributed systems, with a focus on real-time high-throughput streaming data. I have significant experience building and running teams in these areas.

- **Building and running high performing engineering teams**: I am interested and experienced in building high performing engineering teams by hiring and retaining top talent. I follow an agile data driven approach to project management for timely and consistent delivery of results. This includes close collaboration with cross-functional stakeholders and mining project metadata to drive team velocity. My team management philosophy is based on a mentoring and coaching approach to drive individual career growth for my team members. At the end of the day, I find it gratifying to see someone I hired, mentored and coached, ramp up to become a productive software engineer, build something as part of my team or a greater organization, that provides value to users and drives customer success.

- **Technology**: I am naturally inquisitive, I am passionate about technology and I enjoy learning. I am always on the lookout for any new development in the industry that I could learn out of personal interest or potentially apply at work if relevant.

- **Building, creating**:  I am a methodical, meticulous person and I love building, creating things. I have a 5-year diploma in Fine Arts and Crafts, which aligns with my creative inclinations. My career in Software Engineering allows me to utilize my natural proclivities to create solutions that empowers users and drives customer success.

- **Hiking**: I love nature and like to go on hikes around the San Francisco Bay Area. I particularly enjoy the redwood forests in California.
