Manas Talukdar is a senior industry leader in **Enterprise AI** and **Data Infrastructure**. He has significant experience developing products in artificial intelligence and large-scale data infrastructure, used in mission critical sectors across the world.

His experience spans nearly two decades in leadership and critical roles for leading enterprise software companies and startups in the San Francisco Bay Area. Manas spent over a decade at OSIsoft (acquired by Aveva/Schneider Electric), where he made key contributions to the world's preeminent industrial data historian, specially ubiquitous throughout the process industry. He also delivered several widely adopted 0->1 products in the industrial AI space. As Director of Platform Engineering at C3 AI, the leading Enterprise AI company, he founded and led an organization of multiple teams developing cutting edge capabilities at the intersection of artificial intelligence and large-scale systems. His work there resulted in multiple patents for foundational enterprise AI platform technologies, including innovations in intelligent data processing and a metadata-driven machine learning feature store. At Labelbox, an AI startup, as Director of Engineering he ran platform, product, and founded the machine learning engineering and applied research organizations, across US and EU. He was also instrumental in enabling the company's successful strategic push to support leading AI Labs in developing frontier LLMs.

Manas has multiple [patents](/about/professional/patents/) in data processing and machine learning for AI. The enterprise products he has developed are used worldwide in enterprises, the public sector, and critical infrastructure for several industry verticals. His career is marked by a proven track record of delivering complex AI and data platforms, fostering innovation, productionizing research, and leading cross-functional organizations.

Manas is a mentor for early-stage startups, a Fellow of several distinguished professional organizations, and a sought-after speaker at technical and leadership conferences. As a recognized thought leader, he contributes to the industry by reviewing technical publications and has delivered university commencement addresses. His work has earned him numerous honors and invitations to prestigious AI organizations.
