- **AI/ML Platforms**: My recent work has mostly been in scalable platforms for large-scale AI/ML and data analysis applications. This is aligned with my continued interest in working at the intersection of distributed systems, big data and AI/ML.

- **Distributed Systems and Cloud Computing**: I am interested in the design, architecture and organizational challenges of distributed systems. I enjoy working on problems involving scale, data consistency, availability, resiliency, reliability, microservices, and how to build and run teams that solve these problems. I have extensive experience with public cloud platforms, specifically Microsoft Azure since its very early days. I am also quite comfortable with Amazon Web Services, familiar with Google Cloud Platform and I have a good grasp of distributed systems technologies in the open source domain.

- **Data Infrastructure**: I have a general interest in concepts around data storage, database technologies and data processing, specifically in the context of large-scale distributed systems, with a focus on real-time high-throughput streaming data. I have significant experience building and running teams in these areas.

- **Building and growing organizations, scaling teams**: I am interested and experienced in building and scaling high performing engineering teams by hiring and retaining top talent. I have developed successful cross-departmental strategies to build and grow organizations and scale teams across entire engineering department.

- **Running high performing engineering teams**: I follow an agile data driven approach to project management for timely and consistent delivery of results. This includes close collaboration with cross-functional stakeholders and mining project metadata to drive team velocity. My management philosophy is based on a mentoring and coaching approach to drive individual career growth for members of my org. At the end of the day, I find it gratifying to see someone I hired, mentored and coached, ramp up to become a productive software engineer or a leader, build something as part of my organization or a greater department, that provides value to users and drives customer success.

- **Measuring and improving engineering productivity**: I have developed and deployed mechanisms to measure productivity for engineers and teams across multiple orgs in an entire engineering department by mining data from sources such as GitHub, Jira, Azure Devops, Git, etc. I believe in a data driven approach for performance and these mechanisms have helped improve engineering productivity by identifying areas for improvements and providing actionable follow-up steps.

- **Technology**: I am naturally inquisitive, I am passionate about technology. I enjoy learning and I love to work on challenging problems. I am always on the lookout for any new development in the industry that I could learn out of personal interest or potentially apply at work if relevant.

- **Building, creating**:  I am a methodical, meticulous person and I love building, creating things. I have a 5-year diploma in Fine Arts and Crafts, which aligns with my creative inclinations. My career in Software Engineering allows me to utilize my natural proclivities to create solutions that empowers users and drives customer success.

- **Nature**: I love nature in general and particularly enjoy the redwood forests in California.
